(#399) Add documentation about folder in CCM Service (#400)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/central-management/usage/service/message-processing.md

## Poison Messages

> Starting in version 0.8.0 of the Chocolatey Central Management Service there is now an additional folder for deployment messages where processed messages that failed to update the status of the deployment will be moved to the folder specified in [`DeploymentStepResultMessagesFailedFolderPath`](xref:ccm-usage-service-configuration#deploymentstepresultmessagesfailedfolderpath) after the update has been tried 3 times. Files in this directory are not deleted by the Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version 0.8.0 of the Chocolatey Central Management service there is now an additional folder for deployment messages. Processed messages that failed to update the status of the deployment will be moved to the folder specified in [`DeploymentStepResultMessagesFailedFolderPath`](xref:ccm-usage-service-configuration#deploymentstepresultmessagesfailedfolderpath) after the update has been tried 3 times. Files in this directory are not deleted by the Chocolatey Central Management service.
```

> For Computers which have reported in their packages, or for older versions of Chocolatey Central Management Services see the additional information below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the additional information below for computers which have reported in the status of their Chocolatey packages,, or for older versions of Chocolatey Central Management service.
```
